You are looking at the next P.F.
I'm not getting any help
this time. Rachel. Not like that.
Parliament is on lockdown
this afternoon following reports
of an armed attack in Westminster.
Widen the search area.
Suspect may have fled the Q.E.T.
No trace of the suspect.
So. he has escaped
the building. you agree.
Pierson's story. mum.
Lunch in Coal Drop's Yard?
Let me guess. you pulled C.C.T.V. of
Coal Drop's Yard. and he was right there.
He was. mum.
Simon. Does that name
mean anything to you?
Simon tells me what
I need to know. and nothing more.
Whoever Simon is. he is not your friend.
Whitlock's rifle. what's the caliber?
How's that gonna open fire
with no ammunition?
- No rounds came in with the weapon. sir.
- That's impossible. Check the locks.
You can't prove that I was in Westminster
any more than I can prove I wasn't.
Who do you work for?
Stand by for executive action
on Blackfish.
Deactivation standing by.
Pull the plug.
No way.
The captain's alive.
Does he know what we did to him?
There's something else.
Ralph?
My tablets. I need my tablets.
I can't stop the U.S. investigating.
but I might be able to delay them.
I'm calling in Operation Frankenstein.
We haven't got long. More are coming.
I strongly suggest you follow me.
Rachel. can't you see?
We're better off together.
Where are we?
A hundred and thirty-one feet below
the banks of the River Thames.
This is how you escaped
the Q.E.-2 building.
After you assassinated Isaac Turner?
Yes.
But just so you know.
he tried to kill me first.
Who's to say...
you weren't. in fact. watching me?
A deepfake.
Hopefully we can begin to raise awareness
of the illegal practice of Correction.
Because only by bringing
this conspiracy out into the open.
can we hope to confront it.
You have indeed been
watching a deepfake interview.
But the alarming practice of Correction
described in it. is very much real.
The B.B.C. has obtained evidence
that knowledge
of the so call Correction Program
extends across multiple U.K.
Intelligence Agencies
and to Senior Members
of British Government.
You did it. Isaac!
You bloody did it!
Yeah.
with a little help from my friends.
The Home Secretary's waiting
to congratulate you!
I am the Home Secretary!
Oh. God! I'm sorry! Force of habit!
I meant the former Home Secretary.
Gill? He's still here?
Secretary of State.
Rowan? Did you forget something?
Oh. have no fear. I'm on my way out.
in every respect. No.
I just wanted to make sure
that I was here for the handover.
And what is it you're handing over.
exactly? Apart from a failing Department?
Have you met Peter?
Peter?
Home Secretary! Congratulations!
- And Chris? Do you know Chris?
- Chris?
It's just Chris. Like Beyonce.
Congratulations. Home Secretary
- Did you see it. Peter? The stunt?
- I did.
- And Chris?
- Yes. yes. I caught it.
Bit of a room-splitter.
But. going down well online. I hear?
Not so well other places.
What other places might they be?
Now. I heard a rumor
that you weren't in on it?
That the first you knew of it was
when you walked out in Piccadilly Circus
and saw yourself
on the big screen looking back!
A rumor in Westminster.
I'm shocked.
Well. have no fear.
I won't judge you for it.
But it does raise
a rather important question. Isaac.
- Which is?
- Is this about Correction?
Or is this about you?
There's talk of a Public Inquiry?
- It's not just talk.
- That was you then.
So hard to know what's
real these days on the News?
Well. we know you have to ride
the AntiCorrection wave for a while.
I mean. how could you not. when
it washes you up on such bountiful shores?
But if this is ultimately a you thing
I'm sure we can find
a way to avoid
stepping on each other's toes?
- Indeed.
- And if it is Correction?
Then we'd advise you to tread carefully.
Check for babies before
throwing that bathwater out.
Babies?
Deepfake Technology can be used
in a variety of ways. Home Secretary.
- A variety of legal ways?
- A variety of covert ways.
Ways that help protect Britain
and her interests at home and abroad.
Ways that remain effective.
so long as they remain covert.
If everyone starts questioning
everything they see
we could be about
to see Operations go South.
If you launch that Inquiry.
we may have no option
but to pull all Active Ops immediately.
Damage litigation.
Operation Burn-it-to-the-Fucking-Ground.
I'm sorry. Gentlemen.
But I promised the Public I would root
out Deepfake Evidence Tampering
and that's exactly what I intend to do.
It's not about me. or Correction.
It's about something rather
more fundamental.
British Justice.
And without that. what kind of Britain
are you hoping to protect?
All right. well.
You know where I am.
Burn it to the fucking ground.
Noah Pierson. Well.
the person I know as Noah Pierson.
I am arresting you for
Treason. Mass Murder.
Conspiracy to Commit Mass Murder.
Preparation of Terrorist Acts.
and Conspiracy to Commit Terrorist Acts.
- I get it.
- You do not have to say anything.
You don't have to go
through the whole shebang.
If we make it out of
here. I'll come quietly.
Something
which you later rely on in court.
Now. can you wait 'til we're
above ground before you read
the Miranda and put me in handcuffs?
What are you doing?
Hand over your phone.
I can't do that.
You are under arrest!
You need to lower your voice.
Don't over-play your hand. Rachel.
Up there? I'm under arrest. Down here? I'm
in command. That's the way it has to be.
Then I'll need to add "Resisting Arrest"
to the list of charges.
That'll be the one that sways the jury.
- With me.
- No.
- No?
- I'm not going anywhere with you.
Until you tell me who you are.
and who you're working for.
All good questions. Rachel.
And I will answer them fully.
But I need to take
care of something first.
People are coming to kill us.
Well. kill you. primarily.
Though I can't imagine
they'll shed too many tears
if I get caught
in the crossfire.
Wait! Who are they?
And why are they coming to kill me?
Again. all good questions. Again.
lots to unpack. Again. not much time.
People are coming to kill us.
If you're not willing to trust me
on anything else. trust me on that.
It is a lot to expect trust from someone
you've lied to from the start!
Oh. shit.
- Not disturbing you am I?
- No. Sir.
Little tardy picking up?
- Apologies. Sir.
- Late night?
No. Sir. Lights out. twenty-two-hundred
hours. same as every night.
I didn't ask for your life story.
Sir.
So. about our former friend. M.I.-5
and other local attractions.
I thought we didn't talk about her. Sir?
Oh. never take
talking off the table. Todd.
I mean. if Kennedy could sit with
Khrushchev over a Wiener Schnitzel.
I can bury my beef with Gemma Garland.
Sir. Kendrick and Drake
could thing or two.
Reinstate her security clearance.
She's off the naughty list.
And make her feel at home...
- Sir. Gemma Garland's coming in?
- She wants to see the Whitlock files.
She'll be here in thirty minutes.
Give her access to the archives.
- Give her access to the archives.
- Restricted access.
- Local archive only.
Yes Sir.
And Todd?
Full deniability.
Garland's not exactly flavor of the month.
Not exactly flavor of the month.
Of course. When is she?
- Here!
- You said keep moving?
Plans change. We adapt.
Take it.
There'll be four of them. In formation.
Two Point Men. Two Rear Guards.
How d'you feel about support?
Who are they?
I'll cover the Left Rear Guard.
you aim for the Right.
If you don't put him down. I will. If you
do put him down I'll buy you a pint.
There's traffic.
If you want to get there in
thirty minutes. you better get a move on.
- I'll drive you.
- No. Better to keep it tight.
I've got this.
How's the back?
Oh. you know. no worse than usual.
Being tied up in
that boot can't have helped?
- Back?
- Yeah. poor Ralph's got Sciatica.
- I thought it was Thyroid.
- Is there anything you haven't got?
Insurance.
Hypo or Hyper?
Your thyroid.
Under-active or overactive?
Under-active.
So. hyper?
Yeah. yeah.
No. Hypo!
Sorry. easy mistake.
I'm gonna have to get
to a pharmacy at some point.
Pass me the pills. Ralph.
Who was monitoring my home?
No one. I swear.
Right. that's dealt with.
So. just recording for
the archives were you. Ralph?
- It wasn't recording!
- Oh. what was it doing. then?
- Just listening!
- Listening for what?
Trigger words!
Sciatica. for compromise?
Thyroid for...
Thyroid for what?
Guess the pints are on you.
He said he just wanted to talk to her.
Somewhere quiet. he said.
Then why didn't
he lure her to a fucking library?
- Trojan One's comms are down.
- Right. let's go.
Wait. Hang on a minute.
I can't babysit.
I'm supposed to be walking into
Frank's Ops Room in fifteen minutes.
Ten minutes.
Literally. sit on him.
I was on duty when the items came in.
Firearms processed the rifle.
I processed the video equipment.
I can check again but I can assure you.
I will not find any bullets.
So why does the log say different?
You made a mistake?
Why would I write two mags
of ammo when there were none?
If you suspect the log's been compromised.
why haven't you flagged it?
You know. you lot really ought to
try talking to each other up there.
I flagged it with your Commander
half an hour ago!
You got nothing on me there either.
No bullets...
because there
weren't any bullets to find.
No shootings. because nobody got shot.
Nothing. What'd you pick up?
Now find me someone caught on camera
who doesn't claim they've been deep-faked.
- And what about Abbots Cliff?
- What about Abbots Cliff?
Whitlock's alibi?
If I had a pound for every
perp who claimed they were doing
research for
a documentary. I'd be retired.
You wouldn't believe how many
people make documentaries about
plotting to murder their spouse.
According to the Evidence Log.
Whitlock was found with two magazines
of three-thirty-eights.
Yeah?
According to SOCOs.
Whitlock's rifle was not loaded.
There was no ammo at the scene.
So. someone's tampering with the logs?
I think I might know who it is.
Four men.
Two before.
Yes?
A Kill-Squad.
For me.
Maybe they came heavy
'cause they knew I was with you?
Or maybe you can't keep your story
straight for ten fucking seconds.
Drop your weapon.
Okay? Do you mind if
I put it down rather than drop it?
- Always a chance it might accidentally...
- Just fucking do it.
Yep. Gotcha.
Hands where I can see them.
Now I'm gonna ask you some questions
and you're gonna give me the truth.
Rachel I can't protect either
of us with my hands in the...
- Did I ask you a question?
- No.
Then shut the fuck up.
What's your real name?
Because I know it's
not Noah fucking Pierson.
- Will.
- Will? Not Simon?
I'm Captain William Walker.
United Kingdom Special Forces.
S.A.S.? Paras? The Increment?
E-Squadron. Answerable to no one
but yourselves. and M.I.-6. Right?
Good knowledge.
- Is Simon your Commanding Officer?
- You could say that
These men. Did they come for me?
Or did they come for you?
- I think they were coming for me.
- You think?
They were coming for me.
- Start talking.
- It's a long story.
Then tell it quick.
Boss?
Karolina. Karolina.
Ma'am.
We still have a man in there.
An order's an order.
Burn it to the ground.
Isaac Turner
had a lot to answer for.
Paige?
You're not leaving. are you?
Let rephrase that.
You're not leaving. Are you?
James Whitlock
hasn't been charged.
You're in the middle of
the most urgent investigation running.
I know. I...
I just don't think anything
is going to happen tonight?
And I just don't want to miss therapy.
Not after this week.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. It's been a lot.
Yeah.
How do you know nothing's happening
tonight? Is that from Rachel?
Well. to be honest? I'm not...
I'm not actually sure where Rachel is?
I'm starting to see why
she asked for you. Paige.
Thank you!
That's actually weird?
She said that you put me forward.
You know what. Paige?
Don't miss therapy. I'll cover for you.
What if Rachel's been right
about Pierson all along?
- I'm calling her.
- I've tried.
If the Governor's broken the chain
of evidence. he's a piece of shit.
- But Rachel's not right about all of it?
- What. the Carey Cam hack?
It's okay. we're allowed
to say it when she's not here.
- It wasn't a hack.
- Come on.
Pierson was eating sushi
when Turner was shot. we know that.
Are we certain someone hasn't found
a way to correct the Carey Cams?
I'll check for a fifth time if you want?
Trying not to be offended.
It's not ringing. When was
the last time you spoke to her?
Leave your phone.
Why?
They're tracking it.
Obviously.
No one's tracking this device.
How do you think they found you?
Why would they track this?
When they can track this?
Give it up!
Go.
I beat my record?
You beat everyone's record.
you greedy prick.
Strength. Stamina. Resistance.
All Performance Stats through the roof.
Because of this?
Well. the cardiac recorder
can't take all the credit.
It's an augmentation.
Albeit a new and exciting one.
The device doesn't
simply stabilize your heart-rate.
it raises and lowers it in
real time according your needs.
We should all get one!
How are you feeling. Captain?
New and improved?
Doc. I'm grateful for everything
you've done for me. truly I am.
And Major. getting me out of there?
I owe this Squadron my life.
It just leaves a shitty taste.
Twenty-Two dead 'cause of me.
And I come out better that before.
We need to follow this to the right.
No sudden movements.
Indeed.
Yes. I am aware of that.
Another embarrassment.
Yeah. 'til then.
Did you enjoy your days
in the Military. sir?
Yes.
Well no. frankly.
I must admit. I did enjoy
Passing Out at Hendon.
The camaraderie. you know?
I'm sure it doesn't compare to belonging
to a Royal Regiment like yours. Sir.
It's a different level entirely.
We need a new Head of S.O.-15.
I thought we'd already dealt with that?
Noah Pierson has been asked
to step down.
Right. Yeah. that makes sense.
It does?
I sensed an issue. Sir. Between
yourself and Commander Pierson.
Nothing to do with me.
Right. I mean.
I hope there's nothing I missed?
Oh. well. of course.
you took the lead on Pierson's vetting.
I did. sir. As you requested. So...
Well. we'll see.
And in the format
that you requested. Sir.
You may have to complete a review.
Just for clarity.
I must admit. I did find
it quite an unusual request. Sir.
Conducting the interview remotely.
Well. I'm sure you'll make a good case.
The worst part of it is that we're
gonna have to go back to Rachel Carey
with our tail between our legs
to ask her to cover.
Great. well. she'll enjoy that.
If I may ask. Sir. what was the official
reason for Pierson's departure?
Couple of red flags for H.R.
Thank God we've caught them early.
Right. so. behavioral.
Yeah. that makes sense.
How did he take it?
Well. when you told him?
He must have been livid. I'm guessing?
I wasn't there?
H.R. are dealing with this. of course.
She was at Gemma Garland's house.
Danny Hart?
I don't know what she's up to.
but she's not sharing it with me.
Well. whatever it is.
she knows you can see her.
Carey told me to pull
surveillance on the property.
She also made me pull all surveillance
on Danny Hart and Frank Napier.
I just kept this feed running.
I was getting concerned.
Well. I think it's time we got back
into Danny Hart's phone. don't you?
Where are we now?
Crossing the river.
South to North.
half way between Westminster Bridge
and Waterloo Bridge.
Where does this lead?
The Strand. obviously.
Why are you suddenly
interested in gaining my trust?
Honestly?
I had nowhere else to turn.
Figured you were the only one
who could help me.
I'm your arresting officer.
Captain William Walker.
The only place I'll be helping you
is to the cells.
Why did you fall out of favor
with your Squadron?
I survived.
Back there at the Warehouse.
my implant must have been pumping
out some data Simon didn't like.
I was under duress.
vulnerable to compromise.
Simon flicked my kill switch.
Who is Simon?
I knew!
The second I made that call.
I knew.
I'd fucked the Op.
You were trying to help her. William.
I keep thinking. If I could go back.
what would I do different? But...
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
Echo Nine to Base Command.
We have a civilian vehicle with unknown
cargo approaching secure zone.
Please advise. over.
Stand by. Echo Nine.
Over.
- See what Simon says.
- Sir.
I'm Captain Walker.
I'm here to see Simon?
Simon?
Is he here?
- Simon's always here.
- Simon's right in front of you.
- Oh. pleased to meet you?
- Not him.
Echo Nine to base command.
Vehicle stopping. vehicle stopping.
Do we have clearance? Over.
Hold for analysis. Echo Nine.
Base Command to Echo Nine.
Simon's assessed and
flagged as an enemy vehicle.
You have permission to engage.
Repeat. engage the target.
Copy that.
Strike. strike. strike.
Echo Nine confirming.
target vehicle destroyed. over.
- Well done. Simon.
- Nice one. Simon.
Simon's the computer.
He's a bit more than that.
- You're using A.I. to support Ops?
- Support? Map. Execute. Command.
Simon factors more risks
and variables
than you lot on the ground
are capable of knowing.
Tell him your Objective.
he'll calculate your Mission.
And recalibrate for you it real time.
The stats don't lie.
Simon saves lives.
You call him Simon
'cause you do what he says.
We're eradicating Human Error.
A matter. I would imagine.
quite close to your heart. Captain?
I know our regular
session isn't for a few days.
but I wanted to show
you this as soon as possible.
I've done a little digging.
And I pulled in a favor or two.
and I think I've found her.
Her?
These are all the Hostages
who died on the truck.
Doc. I don't know if
this is such a great idea?
She fits your description.
Klara Kovalenko. Born in Donetsk.
All due respect. Doc?
Why would you give me meds to
forget her. then show me her picture?
The medication is just
a temporary measure. William.
You must learn to forgive yourself.
And to re-attribute blame
where it's deserved.
Your Mission went south for a reason.
It failed because of a decision
made over a thousand miles away.
Here in London. At the Home Office.
And at the worst possible time.
Now. Command have asked me
to clear you for Selection.
An Op?
You think I'm ready?
I believe this mission
could be highly beneficial.
Didn't I fail the psych test?
It may even bring
you some closure. William.
You'll understand when you see the target.
The Target?
A Kill Mission?
Isaac's killing was ordered by A.I.?
I'm a cog in the machine. Rachel.
Just like you said.
Are you telling me Yates went along
with an armed attack in Central London?
- The killing of the Home Secretary?
- No.
I'm telling you he went along
with my appointment as Commander.
Yates is another cog.
We cogs don't always know
what our fellow cogs are up to.
Or even who they are.
One second he was
standing there. smiling.
And the next his... head just...
I didn't know! I swear I didn't
know it was gonna happen.
- I thought they were just gonna. like...
- Paige. I should warn you.
If I believe a client may be
involved in criminal activity.
it's my duty to inform the Police.
Sorry. did... I...
I should've said I'm making
a documentary.
How did you compromise Veritas?
The Carey Cam? I think
you're mixing me up with tech.
You must have been involved?
I was told to be at Coal Drops Yard
at one o'clock the day before the hit.
That's as much as I know.
The feed is twenty-four hours out of sync?
That's not possible. That's the first
thing we would have checked.
Have you considered the glitch may
be human. rather than technical?
My team know what they're doing.
D.C.I. Kendricks knows that system
inside out.
Why compromise the tech when
you can compromise the technicians?
I don't trust many people.
But I do trust Tom.
You mean he's the last person
you'd suspect.
Classic Simon. Knows how
to turn the most loyal among us.
Knows our secrets. our weaknesses.
Simon knows us
better than we know ourselves.
He said I'd go rogue. and here I am.
And you're powerless to resist?
No free will of your own?
Cog. Machine.
Huge Machine.
How d'you know there
won't be gunmen waiting for us?
There might.
You don't have a gun.
There might be gunmen up there.
there might be gunmen down here.
but there won't be any gunmen in here.
Danny! She's back online.
Rachel Carey.
Have you got a location?
- She's just off the Strand.
- I need a precise location. Ralph.
The signal's coming from
the south end of Gallherst Mews.
With me.
No wonder she's with her old friends.
None of us would listen to her.
What are you doing?
Buying us a minute.
before we face the world above.
Don't you want to hear the end of my
story? May as well be sitting comfortably.
Or at least angle the gun away from me.
while I tell you this next bit.
Isaac Turner was not my only target.
Is this a revenge mission for bringing
down the Correction Program?
No. No. Simon doesn't do revenge.
It's far more significant than that.
That's good to know. Sir.
If we fail to act. Issac Turner will
become the next British P.M.
- Understood.
- Cannot be allowed to happen.
Because?
Because Simon Says.
Does my faith in A.I. seem strange
to you Captain?
Perhaps you haven't witnessed
the results of Human Error in Combat
quite as acutely as I have.
The truth is Simon saves lives.
His decisions can seem random at times.
A butterfly flaps its wings.
Simon sends Nato subs into the Baltic.
But for every strategic decision he makes.
Simon factors in more information
than you or I could fathom in a lifetime.
They say Simon
can't predict the future.
But he forecasts it with an alarming
degree of accuracy.
Simon says that Isaac Turner in Number Ten
is a threat to British Democracy.
- I believe him.
- Forgive me. Sir.
As the ones taking
out a future Prime Minister.
aren't we the threat
to British Democracy?
Personally. I've come
to find the chasm between
our understanding and Simon's
to be
reassuring. and humbling.
If we knew how to save the world
ourselves. we wouldn't need A.I.
Not seeing the full picture
is a small price to pay.
Sir. if you're not seeing
the full picture. who is?
Simon.
Of course. if it's not for you.
Captain?
You're a free man.
You have a choice.
There you are. William.
I was hoping to catch
you before you vanished into thin air.
Doc. after everything you
did for me.
I was too chicken shit to come
and tell you I was leaving.
Am I too late to change your mind?
Or your heart?
Sorry. Doc. Papers are signed.
Well. in that case.
I wish you luck. William Walker.
You too. Doc.
Someone will be in
touch to book in the procedure.
Procedure?
Removing the tech.
You'll be in and out in an hour.
And deactivation's even easier.
it's done remotely.
Deactivation?
Oh. here. I can do it for you now.
May as well. Your mind's made up.
Wait. wait. what the fuck?
See? Simple. Flick of a switch.
Doc. slow down. can't breathe.
Yes. it can feel like that.
When your heart goes from working
at full capacity to under five percent.
Feel like I'm gonna fucking die.
Yes. it can feel like that. too.
Try to conserve your energy.
Switch it back please. Doc?
Well. you must understand. William.
The tech is offered as an investment.
I'll do it. I'll do the job.
Please. Doc. please.
Good to have you back. William.
I won't say I didn't have
a choice. but...
And me?
Did they tell you why I was a target?
You weren't.
The Home Secretary's
Smarter Surveillance Bill.
would see Veritas Cameras
rolled out across the U.K.
Simon predicted I would choke
when it came to turning the gun on you.
And. as always. Simon was right.
By the time I got out.
the next mission was waiting for me.
The real mission.
Become Noah Pierson. take over C.T.C..
and get Whitlock charged.
They were never planning
to kill you. Rachel.
They were planning to kill
your reputation. Your name.
Simon devised a way to make
you claim something no one could believe.
To make you doubt your own mind.
To gaslight you.
Didn't work though.
Most people would've starting doubting
themselves at some point. You didn't.
I know what I saw.
You're no cog. Rachel.
And you know what?
From now on. neither am I.
Put the weapon down.
Here's my offer.
My... Elevator Pitch?
What are you doing?
What I should have
done in the first place.
After this. my heart
will be functioning
at about five percent of what
a normal heart might work at.
- I won't be a threat to anyone.
- But that's suicide.
Couldn't constitute a Security Risk
if I tried.
Give me the weapon.
Now. I know you'll want to
do this the conventional way.
and bring me in and have me testify.
but who knows how long I've got left?
If I make to trial.
will the Judge say I'm fit to stand?
What's the alternative. then?
The unconventional way?
Get me to a safe house. preferably
one with a decent first aid kit.
and however long I've got left.
an hour. a month. a year.
I'll spend it helping you expose
my Squadron. for what they've become.
An A.I. Worshipping Cult.
I feel better already.
Look!
The tracker.
They put it behind the battery!
The cynical bastards!
So what do you say. Rachel Carey?
Whistleblower?
You've brought down Correction.
If anyone can bring down
The Increment.
it's you.
Armed police!
Vulnerable suspect.
- Get down on the ground. now!
- Identify yourself!
I'm Will.
It's okay.
He's with me.